Document SAGP auto install for backend (#7608)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/java/common/gradle.mdx

    //
    // Default is enabled.
    includeDependenciesReport.set(true)

    // Automatically adds Sentry dependencies to your project.
    autoInstallation {
        enabled.set(true)
    }
}
```

> ## Auto Installation

Reviewer: Should we add info about it auto-installing the sentry-java sdk?

> The plugin automatically adds available Sentry integrations as dependencies if it detects a library dependency we support. So if your project has a dependency on `graphql-java` the plugin will automatically add `sentry-graphql` as an additional dependency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The plugin automatically adds available Sentry integrations as dependencies if it detects a library dependency we support. For example, if your project has a dependency on `graphql-java` the plugin will automatically add `sentry-graphql` as an additional dependency.
```
